all right little bit more PC going on
this time we're going to try some Orcs
we're going to fight let's send the
PC down this way so we can get a bit of
a firefight going on like usual I like
to send my Heretics together because if
my Heretics encounter any Sluggers
they're going to be in for a bad time so
I want my Heretics to be together if the
2V1 a slugger it's easy for them but if
they're on their own it's going to be a
problem I think BL grenades could be
quite useful here again given where
against the Orcs I really want to just
limit test the black
grenades but we'll see how they
do so of course we want to have CSM
front lining as much as possible
resilient against Shooters we don't know
what kind of hero he is yet he might be
a war
boss but if he's not he's one of the
range dos we want to uh avoid letting
our herit get
shot so CSM start the cap
okay that's
fine so we can put a bit of pressure on
over
here the PC try and get a bit of XP on
him y good damage good
damage yeah and we'll just we'll shoot
this down I'm happy with that
all is the K knob so we're just going to
retreat we don't want that
heat no we don't I'll just take the free
XP down here not a lot of damage for me
in the other
game it's just how it is really but I
don't want to bleed unnecessarily with
those
Heretics so we will get an SP champion
at some point don't know what my best
option is here
let's get the AC
now going shoot this down and then we
going to regroup in the
mid I'm going to build a j over
here yeah check that out
okay oh I've got people messaging
me double Shooters all
right fair enough
obviously he doesn't want to fight
that and we don't know where his tier
1.5
is no I don't think he really wants this
fight either
so what we're going to do now we rotate
the AC tick down bottom we get Raptors
and then we'll get the black grenade
we're not capping the weak Heretics
which will lose a 1 V one against
basically anything except isolated
Shooters they can cap the back lines we
send this tick down here because it can
actually beat Sluggers 1 V one and we've
not fought the Sluggers yet we don't
know where they're going to
appear do we
[Music]
okay so I'm actually going to stop
capping there going to rotate you around
let's just rush this Commander knob down
ah there we go I the boys get out of
there just leave yeah we don't want
that I the boys got us good there no
sparing Champion nearby a bit of a
problem for us really let's just get on
to the shooters if we can got Raptors
coming
toy yeah unfortunately shoo was quite
good against me here now I didn't have a
lot of gens so we're not too concerned
really going to purchase this
anyway okay it's fine
getting to melee that's all
right okay I'm we Retreat arth
there that's
fine so decent
situation this guy needs to fully heal
and obviously now we need to start
working on our power can do a bit of a a
gen push um we'll grab another AC and we
will do a genam
[Music]
push in fact I'm going to send this guy
up here not even going to fully
reinforce
them going to keep them pretty
soft and there's Eternal War as well do
a big push on their Farm
now see where it takes us problem is
that annoying pain
boy definitely a
threat okay good engage
now we
heal as we take on the
farm you move down there I really need
gens though your forces oby
you we didn't use our black grenade
which was kind of
spicy
another this is going to be a big one
all right
unfortunately oh [__] they just got
wiped whoops oh man
oh this map's
annoying kind of overc committed there
whoops I didn't even see that he had a
looter
bollocks great
[Music]
are you kidding
me [__] hell I shouldn't be Tango oh
God I'm not used to this map at
all that's not
good wow that's really quite bad I need
to get to tier two
this may be not good my
Lord I need to get to tier two how am I
going to do
this uh I really can't afford to lose my
farm but I I f up the Sluggers so
something ironically the shooters are
going to be quite a big problem for me
right now I mean he invested a lot he
went for the looters if I wasn't an
idiot and I didn't lose the asaran
champion ticks I didn't lose both of
them then that would have been good for
me unfortunately I did lose both of my
ticks so that's not very
good oh [__]
off oh they still got their melee charge
that's so annoying okay just Retreat
he's using a lot of red on that is isn't
he yeah let's hunt them down
oops you got looters yeah yeah no no no
no no no no
no not good oh nice got the bleed cool
looks
good we're still in this
somehow our somehow we're sing
this I think we're going to need that
we problem is I don't have any Heretics
man I'm yeah this is not
great we're in trouble really is that a
vehicle please tell me that's not a
vehicle oh
God I just got to avoid
him has he got a
vehicle he's got the oh wow he killed
two models in Retreat as well this is so
bad this is not good
good come on I need my
tech yeah I lost too much
here way too
much we need them kind of ASAP
okay he's retreating
good all right
whatever what always he doing
here for the glory
ofos so I guess he's far behind in Tech
I don't know how much he spent on
Shooters and
stuff probably quite a lot I really need
these guys but I also kind of want
plague Marines as well let's see if he's
got be me obviously I need Heretics as
well to heal my blood Crusher so we have
quite a lot of problems to be
honest it is yours
now oh there we go
Busters
cha 200
remain oh [__] I'm going to lose him in
Retreat the Sluggers no man God so
annoying
going to have to drop these down here
ah tank Busters have five models now
wait what
why why do they have five models that's
rather
strange it
another
success the
Hun where is my ability
rises from these
ranks shoot
[Music]
yes is
person
[Music]
that was
awkward FR Warrior
[Music]
your wow
Mell
them damn he can't take on the comp
that's interesting isn't it like he
hasn't even got repairs for the death
dread
he has a slugger but he's constantly
having to use the Sluggers because he
went double Shooters in order to counter
initiate my Raptors and the Raptors jump
on the tank Busters you've only got one
source of Av it's not quite enough to
deal with the blood Crusher and I just
sort of overwhelm him with melee with
the plague Marines The Chosen plagues
the blood Crusher and the Raptors and
this is without any melee upgrade on the
PC just using him basically to side cap
probably wasn't a good use of resources
to get the armor of pestilence on him
probably didn't need that um probably
would be better to save the resources to
get a chaos dreadnut out or because I
had the blood Crusher already like I was
going to do the plague uh plague
Marines I would end up floating a crazy
amount of power there's no doubt about
it but overall I think it that would be
a pretty brutal comp for an arc to to
face chosen plagues normal plagues yeah
the heavy melee Raptor and the blood
Crusher really put in some good work
against the the death
dread and then these guys going into
Slaughter and charging him with chains
swords beating the Orcs in melee is
always a fun
time did [__] up the early game there
though losing the Heretics well the late
here one that engagement over here ah I
have such an aggressive play style
unfortunately my mro at the moment can't
really handle it oh well
[Music]
take okay try again Ox versus chaos I do
feel pretty good about this matchup I
tell you a match up that I don't like
playing against as PC I like or and I
like with
nids I don't even mind Eldar IG I think
are kind of broken at the moment but
space Marines I hate I hate hate hate
fighting Space Marines when you're
relying on Heretics it is such a
nightmare you just bleed all over the
goddamn place it's really
annoying godamn me
boy oh he walked forward there which was
a mistake he's taking a lot of
unnecessary damage here know what he's
doing
really what is he
doing not sure I'm going to go for a
fast one of
these take the Garrison as
well oh my little [__] gun didn't get it
your UNS fulfill your
command oh well close
[Music]
enough well he's kind of got a good
position here I went for the kill well
even if I didn't go for the kill to be
fair
he'd be on me won't
he all right we can do a slow bash over
here oh he just retreated wow
okay fair enough I'm just going to save
up for Raptors
then might as well I
suppose we get this kill and then we
Retreat we want to swap these we want
the CSM to go for that
one cuz they're more resilient
there we
go just push them out of the position
and then we can get another gen pretty
simple players here nothing too
exotic and the two ticks will take over
there we'll grab an AC on this side with
this heretic that's going to be be in
combat and we've got the Raptors now
coming down
bottom okay we're going to disengage
here cuz you can see the pain boy coming
we don't like
that we don't want to have a melee fight
here against the pain boy not without an
aspar Champion
available now we're going to jump in
we're going to try and
bleed can we get any models no
unfortunately not but what we can do is
we can chain our suppression as
follows make sure that they're capping
and rotate back if we're lucky we'll get
a kill here on the Raptor with the
damage over time and the ability to jump
and Retreat let's see can we get
it can we get it oh we got it that's
huge okay full rotation down
bot extra pressure incoming I'm going to
get the Eternal War here on my CSM we're
going to use the worship to get some
healing
in and hopefully we're going to have a
good
time once they finish capping up top
which they have we're going to rotate
fully down
but I'm actually going to go a Fed
yeah nicely executed there that's what
you got to do you see you get that
little Advantage there overextension of
the pain boy and then you snowball that
Advantage I wouldn't normally go for
feted I don't like it because I really
like having armor of pestilence in t two
against the Orcs for melee brawls but I
just needed something to give me a
little bit more pressure because I know
if I take out that gen Farm then and I
managed to prevent a ninjab bash on my
farm that's basically GG we knew that
the Sluggers were down here defending
the farm so there was no threat of a
ninjab bash over here he's only got one
slug or two Shooters right so we get
Eternal W just a passive damage buff not
a priority upgrade we can get a
secondary aspiring champion on the other
heretic which normally we wouldn't get
we might delay that until we're taking
tier two to optimize our tier 2 timing
and then we can pick up the Fetti Arma
for a little bit more pressure
especially around these line of light
blockers where that unho extens ability
can be very powerful secure the kill on
the power farm game over
[Music]